docs/pages/index.md, before:

---
id: intro
title: sMultisite for Evolution CMS
slug: /
sidebar_position: 1
---

![sMultisite](https://repository-images.githubusercontent.com/683186810/d71c1c9b-f143-4000-8125-5104eeee067b)
[![Latest Stable Version](https://img.shields.io/packagist/v/seiger/sMultisite?label=version)](https://packagist.org/packages/seiger/smultisite)
[![CMS Evolution](https://img.shields.io/badge/CMS-Evolution-brightgreen.svg)](https://github.com/evolution-cms/evolution)
![PHP version](https://img.shields.io/packagist/php-v/seiger/smultisite)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/packagist/l/seiger/smultisite)](https://packagist.org/packages/seiger/smultisite)
[![Issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/Seiger/sMultisite)](https://github.com/Seiger/sMultisite/issues)
[![Stars](https://img.shields.io/packagist/stars/Seiger/smultisite)](https://packagist.org/packages/seiger/smultisite)
[![Total Downloads](https://img.shields.io/packagist/dt/seiger/smultisite)](https://packagist.org/packages/seiger/smultisite)

## Welcome to sMultisite!

**sMultisite** collection of Multisite Tools for Evolution CMS.
The sMultisite package allows you to use one Evolution CMS
installation for several independent sites managed from the same admin.

> To use additional domains for your site, they must be registered with your domain name registrar.

👉 Start with **[Getting Started](./getting-started.md)**.

## Features

- [x] Management of several sites from one admin panel.
- [x] Adding new domains.

## Support

If you need help, please don't hesitate to **[open an issue](https://github.com/Seiger/sMultisite/issues)**.

Commit message:

[ADD] Authorization on all domains when logging into the admin panel.

docs/pages/index.md, after:

---
id: intro
title: sMultisite for Evolution CMS
slug: /
sidebar_position: 1
---

![sMultisite](https://repository-images.githubusercontent.com/683186810/d71c1c9b-f143-4000-8125-5104eeee067b)
[![Latest Stable Version](https://img.shields.io/packagist/v/seiger/sMultisite?label=version)](https://packagist.org/packages/seiger/smultisite)
[![CMS Evolution](https://img.shields.io/badge/CMS-Evolution-brightgreen.svg)](https://github.com/evolution-cms/evolution)
![PHP version](https://img.shields.io/packagist/php-v/seiger/smultisite)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/packagist/l/seiger/smultisite)](https://packagist.org/packages/seiger/smultisite)
[![Issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/Seiger/sMultisite)](https://github.com/Seiger/sMultisite/issues)
[![Stars](https://img.shields.io/packagist/stars/Seiger/smultisite)](https://packagist.org/packages/seiger/smultisite)
[![Total Downloads](https://img.shields.io/packagist/dt/seiger/smultisite)](https://packagist.org/packages/seiger/smultisite)

## Welcome to sMultisite!

**sMultisite** collection of Multisite Tools for Evolution CMS.
The sMultisite package allows you to use one Evolution CMS
installation for several independent sites managed from the same admin.

> To use additional domains for your site, they must be registered with your domain name registrar.

👉 Start with **[Getting Started](./getting-started.md)**.

## Features

- [x] Management of several sites from one admin panel.
- [x] Adding new domains.
- [x] Authorization on all domains when logging into the admin panel.

## Support

If you need help, please don't hesitate to **[open an issue](https://github.com/Seiger/sMultisite/issues)**.
